1.) Change the Screensaver Settings and Password the classic Solution!
You can open the screen saver settings by right-clicking on the windows-10 desktop. (... see Image-2)

Or via [Windows] + [R] Windows 10 Run - Dialog and command:
control desk.cpl ,1 or the command control desk.cpl,screensaver,@screensaver 

Here simply activate the password prompt for the Windows 10 screen saver.

If you no longer need the screen saver password in Windows 10, easy repeat the steps and disable the login screen of the screensaver.

Important! .... please set the Window 10 password!

Info: The standard Screensaver(s) folder is: C:\Windows\System32, the file extension of the screensaver is *.scr.

(Image-1) Screen-Saver Password in Windows-10!
Screen-Saver Password in Windows-10!
-▲ Back to the top ▲

(Image-2) Screen saver settings in Windows-10!
Screen saver settings in Windows-10!
-▲ Back to the top ▲

2.) Open the screen Saver settings after Creators update in Windows 10!
Use the Windows-10 Keyboard Shortcut Windows-Logo + I enter the text change screen and select 

(... see Image-3)  and enable the Screensaver and PW #i3(... see Image-4)

Important! .... please set the Window 10 password! this is also the Screensaver Password ;-)

(Image-3) Enable screen saver password in Windows 10 creators Update!
Enable screen saver password in Windows 10 creators Update!

-▲ Back to the top ▲

(Image-4) Password in Windows 10 screensaver!
Password in Windows 10 screensaver!

-▲ Back to the top ▲

Important! Creators Update ant the screen saver password!


When Windows 10 is password protected by the screen saver. If you have not set a password, this setting has no effects. The password protection for screensavers can be turned on from W10 Creators Update without. The Password protection check box is always activated! 
 
If the Windows 10 password is not set, there is no password protection for the screensaver, only the login screen will appear, but without Windows password, anyone can log in to the PC.

(Image-5) Screen saver password!
Screen saver password!
